# errclc
Error Calculation
i made this way back in 2019 when i was too lazy to calculate the uncertainty of derived values for some experiments i had to do for university. it has served my well over the years whenever i was being lazy again. i've since quit smoking. 
simply enter the function that describes the value you want to derive like you would a mathematical python expression.
for example: if i wanted to determine how large my office was, but all i had to measure it were my shoes, which are about 30cm in lenght, my length measurement (in meters) would have an absolute uncertainty of 0.3 meters. if the walls of my room are (using my shoes to measure) 10 and 12 shoes long (or 300 +/- 30 cm and 390 +/- 30 cm), what is then the area of my room (with uncertainty)?
we simply input a * b into the app, and the values for the lengths of the walls into two rows for values and uncertainties (you can add as many values in as many rows as you want). hit confirm and calculate, and we (and that means you) should get a value of 11.7 +/- 2.1 square meters for the area of my room. the relative uncertainty of the measurement would of course be vastly improved if we didn't use shoes, but i feel like larger values get the point across better. of course we can use this method for any values we want! densities (mass over volume), power (volts times amps), anything you can think of! you can even add physical constants like the speed of light by putting !c into your formula!
thank you for reading this far! i hope you can get some use out of this tool! i wish you all the best. 
